K8SPS-46 document orchestrator.configuration (#217)
percona/k8sps-docs: docs/operator.md

### `orchestrator.resources.limits.cpu`

> [Kubernetes CPU limits :octicons-link-external-16:](ehttps://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/#resource-requests-and-limits-of-pod-and-container) for an Orchestrator container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Kubernetes CPU limits :octicons-link-external-16:](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/#resource-requests-and-limits-of-pod-and-container) for an Orchestrator container.
```

| ----------- | ---------- |
| :material-code-string: string     | `1Gi` |

### `orchestrator.configuration`

> Custom [Orchestrator :octicons-link-external-16:](https://github.com/openark/orchestrator) options to merge into the Orchestrator configuration, used to tune failover behavior per cluster (for example, `FailMasterPromotionOnLagMinutes` or `RecoveryPeriodBlockSeconds`). The value must be a JSON object passed as a string. Keys that the Operator manages itself - such as Raft topology, topology TLS, HTTP authentication, failover hooks, alias detection queries, and storage paths - cannot be overridden and are silently ignored. Updating this field triggers a rolling restart of the Orchestrator Pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom [Orchestrator :octicons-link-external-16:](https://github.com/openark/orchestrator) options to merge into the Orchestrator configuration. For example, `FailMasterPromotionOnLagMinutes` or `RecoveryPeriodBlockSeconds` are used to tune failover behavior per cluster. The value must be a JSON object passed as a string. You cannot override keys managed by the Operator, such as Raft topology, topology TLS, HTTP authentication, failover hooks, alias detection queries, and storage paths. Changing them is silently ignored. 

Updating this field triggers a rolling restart of the Orchestrator Pods.
```
